Update 5.0 introduction and getting started (#1171)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/README.md

# Introduction (5.0 doc is under construction)

> *EMQX* is an Open-Source, Cloud-Native, Distributed MQTT Broker for IoT based on the Erlang/OTP platform.

Reviewer: Is it "Cloud-Native" though? Not really against the term just wondering if it applies here.

Sure, it can be launched in the cloud and we even have a cloud service...but the core software itself runs perfectly on local machines and company bare-metal/VM's as opposed to being cloud specific which implies on other people's hardware.

Again not against this if it's what we want to imply, just asking.

Author: This is a slogn that references the www.emqx.io. Extensibility is an important attribute. It can be better implemented based on Cloud-Native.

Erlang/OTP is an excellent Soft-Realtime, Low-Latency and Distributed development platform.

MQTT is a lightweight message exchange protocol using publish-subscribe pattern.

> *EMQX* is the world's most scalable distributed MQTT broker with a high-performance real-time message processing engine, powering event streaming for IoT devices at massive scale.

Reviewer: Do we have any possible links to something showing it is the most scalable broker that we could inject?

Author: The 'most' is a very controversial word. Change to "highly scalable distributed MQTT Broker"?

## Design goals

> 1. Connect Any Device: Connect any device via the open standard IoT protocols MQTT, CoAP, and LwM2M. Compatible with all MQTT clients. Tested with open-source libraries like Eclipse Paho and custom-built MQTT clients.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Connect Any Device: Connect any device via the open standard IoT protocols MQTT, CoAP, and LwM2M. Compatible with all MQTT clients. Tested with open-source libraries like Eclipse Paho and custom MQTT clients.
```

> 2. At Any Scale: In our tests a single node can support up to 2 million connections. Effortlessly handle tens of millions of concurrent MQTT connections with an EMQX cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. At Any Scale: In our tests a single node can support up to 2 million connections. Effortlessly handle tens of millions concurrent MQTT connections with an EMQX cluster.
```

  - Persistent conversation and offline message support
  - Retained message support
  - Last Will message support
  - Shared subscription($share/<group\>/topic) support
  - `$SYS/` system topic support
- TCP/SSL
- MQTT/WebSocket/SSL
- MQTT Over QUIC(In Preview)
- HTTP message publishing interface support
- Gateways
  - CoAP
  - LwM2M
  - MQTT-SN
  - Stomp
  - Stomp/SockJS
{% emqxee %}
  - GB/T 32960
  - JT/T 808
{% endemqxee %}

Add more features to MQTT:

- Delayed Publish ($delay/topic)
- Auto subscription
- Topic rewrite

### Security

> - Authentication based on user name/password, Support using built-in database, Redis, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, HTTP as data source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Authentication based on user name/password supported using built-in database, Redis, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, or HTTP as data sources
```

> - Authentication based JWT, Support JWKs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Authentication based JWT supported using JWKs
```

- Enhanced Authentication
- PSK authentication

> - Access control (Authorization) based on client ID, IP address, user name, Support using built-in database, Redis, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, HTTP as data source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access control (Authorization) based on client ID, IP address, and user name supported using built-in database, Redis, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, or HTTP as data sources
```

- Support manual, mcast, dns, etcd, k8s and other cluster discovery methods
- Multi-server node bridge (Bridge)

### Data Integration

> - SQL syntax rule-engine to extract, filter, enrich, and transform MQTT message or internal events to external data platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SQL syntax rule-engine to extract, filter, enrich, and transform MQTT message or internal events to formats expected by external data platforms
```

- Supports data bridging with other brokers or IoT platforms using MQTT(such as EMQX Cloud, AWS IoT Core, Azure IoT Hub)
- Supports integration with other apps using WebHook
{emqxee}
- Enterprise: TODO
{endemqxee}

{% emqxce %}

> > The Enterprise Edition supports more data platforms such as Kafka, MySQL, Redis, InfluxDB, Oracle, SAP Event Mesh, etc., see [TODO]

Reviewer: Is this single line intended to be a blockquote?
